cloud: customize content about GC configuration for cloud (#11729)
pingcap/docs: garbage-collection-configuration.md

## GC I/O limit

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> **Note:**
>

> > This section is only applicable to TiDB on-premises. TiDB Cloud does not have GC I/O limit by default.

Author: ```suggestion
> This section is only applicable to on-premises TiDB. TiDB Cloud does not have GC I/O limit by default.
```

> > This section is only applicable to on-premises TiDB. TiDB Cloud does not have GC I/O limit by default.

Author: ```suggestion
> This section is only applicable to on-premises TiDB. TiDB Cloud does not have a GC I/O limit by default.
```

> > This section is only applicable to TiDB on-premises. For TiDB Cloud, there is no GC I/O limit by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This section is only applicable to TiDB on-premises. TiDB Cloud does not have GC I/O limit by default.
```

### GC in Compaction Filter

Based on the `DISTRIBUTED` GC mode, the mechanism of GC in Compaction Filter uses the compaction process of RocksDB, instead of a separate GC worker thread, to run GC. This new GC mechanism helps to avoid extra disk read caused by GC. Also, after clearing the obsolete data, it avoids a large number of left tombstone marks which degrade the sequential scan performance.

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> **Note:**
>

> > The following examples of modifying TiKV configurations are only applicable to TiDB on-premises. For TiDB Cloud, the mechanism of GC in Compaction Filter is enabled by default.

Author: ```suggestion
> The following examples of modifying TiKV configurations are only applicable to on-premises TiDB. For TiDB Cloud, the mechanism of GC in Compaction Filter is enabled by default.
```
